README.md, before:

# awesome-app-ideas [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> Ideas for sample projects you could create with a framework to demonstrate its approach to solving specific problems

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing.*


## Ideas

### Arcade Shooter (Galaga etc)

### Battery status monitor

### Benjamin Franklin's 13 Virtues app

### Book search

### BTN workouts app

### Calculator

### Running Calculator - Time, Distance, Pace for your next race

### Calendar app

### Calorie Counter (Weight loss) app

### Chat bot

### Chatroom

### Client-side photo editor (VSCO/Darkroom app)

### Cloud audio player

### Code search

### Collaborative Etherpad Lite like Markdown editor

### Conference app

This web app should give a functionality both for the conference organizer and the participates.
Main features: information on tracks/talks (speaker bio, links to slides), schedule with push notification on the talks that the user choose.

### Connectivity checker

### Contacts manager

### Countdown timer / Stop watch

### Dashboard

This app should resemble an HR type dashboard where a user can login and view information about the company. It can have an Employee section that shows the information of that employee like Name, Address, Phone, Email, position in company, how long they have been employed, start date, vacation time remaining etc. The app should also have some sort of project tracking. You could include in some graphs and charts that show company progress year over year. One more thing would be to add a place for the HR person to make a company wide announcement that would show up on the company intranet.

### Dedicated Compass

### Diet tracker

### Docker Client

### Employee manager

### eReader

### Fantasy football

### File sharing app

### Flashlight

### Gallery or Portfolio app

### Gift app (find gifts for friends)

### GitHub API client

### Github notifications app

### Google/Chrome/Android developer video search app

### Guitar Tabs

### Guitar tuner

### Guitar/stringed instrument chord finder

### Gym Keeper (Sets / Rep Counter)

### Hacker News API/search client

### Hangman

### House search app targeting family needs

### Instagram client

### Kanban board

### Kids' milestones tracker

### Language Translator (think Google Translate)

### Mail client

### Movie Reviews

### Movies / IMDB search

### National Rail

### Nearby (transport, cafes, anything)

### News reader (e.g RSS reader)

### Note taking app

### Offline book reader

### Pedometer

### Photo booth

### Photo Cropper

### Photo sharing app

### Pizza order composer

Stores people's preferences of toppings, and maybe crust styles too, i.e., what they like, love, dislike, hate, or are neutral to. (Alternate idea: store only the device owner's preferences, and several instances can communicate with each other to collaborate, filling in other people on an ad-hoc basis.) To put together an order, say who's there and how hungry. It should put together an order that will feed everybody, maximize happiness with the toppings, and minimize price. E.g., "1 medium half-pepperoni half-mushroom plus 2 large Hawaiians". It could get prices, and maybe locations, from assorted online sources TBD, or just make assumptions.

### Planning Poker Cards

### Podcast player

### Pomodoro App

### Product Hunt API/search client

### QR Code Scanner

### Quiz/trivia app

### Quotes app

### Recipes app

### Reddit client

### Reminders app

### Runkeeper

### Simple game (e.g cards or LetterPress)

### Snap and share client (Camera app, share to Drive)

### Speed Test app

### Spirit Level

### Stack Exchange Client

### Sticky App

### Stock Portfolio Tracker

### Tic-tac-toe

### Timetable app

### ToDo List (Classic)

### Travel app

### Trello API client

### Tunes / Music finder / player

### Twitter client

### Typing test

### URL shortener

This will take in a full URL (https://foo.bar) and return it in a string that contains 8 alpha-numeric (A-Z, 0-9) that will represent a shorten URL. You should put in guard functions to prevent any kind of SQL injection type attack.

### Vine

### Weather app

### What’s near me? (Google Maps API)

### WhatsApp Style Messaging App

### Wine cellar (wine manager)

### Working parents dinner app

### YouTube API/search client

Using the YouTube API, your app should be able to take in a search string and return the videos for that search. For example, if I wanted to watch David Bowie's Starman, it should return just those videos. However, if I'm not being picky and just want to listen to David Bowie, it should return any number of results that pertain to Bowie. An added feature would be able to have it choose at random what video is returned, or limit how many results are returned in one search.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [TasteJS](http://tastejs.com) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Adding another recipes app idea
A different kind of recipes app

README.md, after:

# awesome-app-ideas [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> Ideas for sample projects you could create with a framework to demonstrate its approach to solving specific problems

*Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing.*


## Ideas

### Arcade Shooter (Galaga etc)

### Battery status monitor

### Benjamin Franklin's 13 Virtues app

### Book search

### BTN workouts app

### Calculator

### Running Calculator - Time, Distance, Pace for your next race

### Calendar app

### Calorie Counter (Weight loss) app

### Chat bot

### Chatroom

### Client-side photo editor (VSCO/Darkroom app)

### Cloud audio player

### Code search

### Collaborative Etherpad Lite like Markdown editor

### Conference app

This web app should give a functionality both for the conference organizer and the participates.
Main features: information on tracks/talks (speaker bio, links to slides), schedule with push notification on the talks that the user choose.

### Connectivity checker

### Contacts manager

### Countdown timer / Stop watch

### Dashboard

This app should resemble an HR type dashboard where a user can login and view information about the company. It can have an Employee section that shows the information of that employee like Name, Address, Phone, Email, position in company, how long they have been employed, start date, vacation time remaining etc. The app should also have some sort of project tracking. You could include in some graphs and charts that show company progress year over year. One more thing would be to add a place for the HR person to make a company wide announcement that would show up on the company intranet.

### Dedicated Compass

### Diet tracker

### Docker Client

### Employee manager

### eReader

### Fantasy football

### File sharing app

### Flashlight

### Gallery or Portfolio app

### Gift app (find gifts for friends)

### GitHub API client

### Github notifications app

### Google/Chrome/Android developer video search app

### Guitar Tabs

### Guitar tuner

### Guitar/stringed instrument chord finder

### Gym Keeper (Sets / Rep Counter)

### Hacker News API/search client

### Hangman

### House search app targeting family needs

### Instagram client

### Kanban board

### Kids' milestones tracker

### Language Translator (think Google Translate)

### Mail client

### Movie Reviews

### Movies / IMDB search

### National Rail

### Nearby (transport, cafes, anything)

### News reader (e.g RSS reader)

### Note taking app

### Offline book reader

### Pedometer

### Photo booth

### Photo Cropper

### Photo sharing app

### Pizza order composer

Stores people's preferences of toppings, and maybe crust styles too, i.e., what they like, love, dislike, hate, or are neutral to. (Alternate idea: store only the device owner's preferences, and several instances can communicate with each other to collaborate, filling in other people on an ad-hoc basis.) To put together an order, say who's there and how hungry. It should put together an order that will feed everybody, maximize happiness with the toppings, and minimize price. E.g., "1 medium half-pepperoni half-mushroom plus 2 large Hawaiians". It could get prices, and maybe locations, from assorted online sources TBD, or just make assumptions.

### Planning Poker Cards

### Podcast player

### Pomodoro App

### Product Hunt API/search client

### QR Code Scanner

### Quiz/trivia app

### Quotes app

### Recipes app

### Recipes App 

Get the list of ingredients, user have and suggest user with list of recipes that can be made with all or some of the listed ingredients.

### Reddit client

### Reminders app

### Runkeeper

### Simple game (e.g cards or LetterPress)

### Snap and share client (Camera app, share to Drive)

### Speed Test app

### Spirit Level

### Stack Exchange Client

### Sticky App

### Stock Portfolio Tracker

### Tic-tac-toe

### Timetable app

### ToDo List (Classic)

### Travel app

### Trello API client

### Tunes / Music finder / player

### Twitter client

### Typing test

### URL shortener

This will take in a full URL (https://foo.bar) and return it in a string that contains 8 alpha-numeric (A-Z, 0-9) that will represent a shorten URL. You should put in guard functions to prevent any kind of SQL injection type attack.

### Vine

### Weather app

### What’s near me? (Google Maps API)

### WhatsApp Style Messaging App

### Wine cellar (wine manager)

### Working parents dinner app

### YouTube API/search client

Using the YouTube API, your app should be able to take in a search string and return the videos for that search. For example, if I wanted to watch David Bowie's Starman, it should return just those videos. However, if I'm not being picky and just want to listen to David Bowie, it should return any number of results that pertain to Bowie. An added feature would be able to have it choose at random what video is returned, or limit how many results are returned in one search.


## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [TasteJS](http://tastejs.com) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
